Docs astro home (#887)
all-contributors/all-contributors: src/content/docs/project/contribute.md

`node -v`

If you don't have atleast version `.22` or higher, please install node or upgrade your current version.

> Install docusaurus v1 (1.14.7) and all of the project dependencies using `npm install`. _Note: This project does not yet support docusaurus v2 or v3; though, we hope to do so in the future._

Author: ```suggestion
Install Astro, the Starlight Theme and all of the project dependencies using `npm install`. 
```
